every country to determine it at the end
of the non-aligned movement Summit in
kalala heads of state and government
adopted a political Declaration on the
state of
Palestine they call for ceasefire
respect of international law and the
support of a two- State solution the
refusal to accept the two-state solution
for Israelis and
Palestinians and the denial of the right
to statewood for the Palestinian people
people are
unacceptable these would indefinitely
prolong a conflict that has become a
major threat to Global Peace and
security exacerbate
polarization and embolden extremists
everywhere delegates said the nonaligned
block now more than ever must speak with
one voice Africa condemns this
inacceptable moral legal and
humanitarian F and demands an immediate
end to the unjust war against the
Palestinian people and for the immediate
implementation of the two states
solution the non-aligned movement was
founded in 1961 during the height of the
Cold War it was a way for countries to
show their neutrality in the conflict
and bring attention to the developing
World instead
uganda's leader Yari musi has taken over
the leadership of the block for three
years some analysts say the challenge
the president is going to face is
convincing member states to take a
unified position on major Global issues
while at the same time trying to balance
the needs and priorities of their own
countries what's clear is that there is
an increased Desire by many countries in
in the global South to change a
political and Global Order which they
say is unfair Katherine soy aler
kalala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer